My absolute FAVORITE part of the video is when they saw the tentacle creature
Does it have mouths all over?? Or eyes?
Tentacles!
Tentacles?
Don't usually like tentacle monster hunting content but I really enjoyed watching this all the way through. Thanks!
Who else gets big best friend energy out of the tentacle thing? It's so wholesome.
Please post more videos like this!!! I loved the tentacle animal so much.
I can't wait for the follow-up video. Was that a fish?
WHAT WAS THAT! That was amazing. I really hope you make more. Please!!!
You can tell that they are really brave going so close to such a scary sea monster.
Please make more of these... this is so interesting.. really scary.
THE TENTACLE THING WAS ACTUALLY SO COOL. I LEGIT GOT CHILLS WHILE LAUGHING MY ASS OFF.
I jumped so hard and almost threw my laptop when the tentacly monster showed up.
Can anyone please tell me if the tentacle thing is aggressive?
I don't believe that it's real. No way it could have tentacles.
Ok, watching this alone at night and it’s freaking me the eff out!! Tentacle monster!!
Y'all really need to stop with the freaky ass monster LMAO. Scaring me half to death for what reason though.
Great work love this video... Very well done.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Bruh really has to put those creepy monsters in the video.
I have watched them so much, and I’m happy that they finally saw a tentacle.
Love watching you pals. Hope that you can make more videos. You are great.
I would literally never ever ever dare to touch a tentacle monster.
Fish from the sea monster?
Would buy merch of the tentacle monster.
ACTUALLY got so freaked out when the tentacler came out.
RUN! RUUN! I could see that it wanted to get you!
Imagine actually seeing a monster from the sea with tentacles like that.
Love this video! Favorite part was the worm monster.
Are you sure it's dangerous? Maybe it's not.
The suspense when the tentacle creature appeared was unreal! Edge of my seat the whole time.
That moment when the tentacles reached out... I thought it was over for them!
The eerie silence right before the tentacle monster pops up is perfectly terrifying.
Is it weird I want a plushie of that tentacle monster now?
Seeing the tentacle creature interact with them was the highlight of my day!
The lore behind the tentacle monster has me hooked. Need more info ASAP!
The cinematography when the tentacle creature showed up was top-notch. Felt like a movie!
How did you manage to get so close without freaking out? Props to the crew!
That tentacle monster is the stuff of nightmares... and yet, I can't look away.
The anticipation build-up to the tentacle creature's reveal was brilliantly executed.
Anyone else rewinding just to see the tentacle creature again? So mesmerizing.
Hats off to the bravery of getting that footage. The tentacle monster seemed almost otherworldly.
Did anyone else notice how the tentacle creature seemed to be communicating? It's like it was trying to tell them something!
The underwater lighting when the tentacles appeared was so eerie yet beautiful. Felt like a scene from a fantasy movie.
How do they even find these creatures? The tentacle monster looked like it came straight out of an ancient myth.
My heart was racing the whole time but I couldn't stop watching. That tentacle creature had me captivated.
Props to the editing team for making the tentacle monster's reveal so jaw-dropping. Truly a work of art.
The sound design when the tentacle creature emerged was chilling. Really added to the suspense.
I've never been a fan of the ocean's depths, but this video has me fascinated. More tentacle monster content, please!
Watching them interact with the tentacle creature was a rollercoaster of emotions. So intense yet amazing.
The tentacle creature's movement was so fluid and graceful. It's like watching a deadly ballet.
This video is a masterpiece. From the suspense to the incredible reveal of the tentacle monster, it's unforgettable.