He's so fast when he's mad. Truly terrifying!
YOU MADE HIM MAD! YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED!
OMG SO SCARY!!! My heart's still racing!
I would not want to meet him in a dark alley... or anywhere, actually.
HE IS SO ANGRY! What made him so angry?
I hope he doesn't come after me... I'm just watching the video!
He sounds so angry, you can feel the rage through the screen.
He screams so loud, my ears are still ringing.
When the monster got angry, omg, I almost dropped my phone.
That was such a scary moment when you made the big guy mad.
You should not get so close to those. Some other spooktubers died, you know.
My head hurts so bad rn - but instead of sleeping I’m watching videos in the evening.
My chills went down my spine when I saw that scary guy. Why was his face like that?
God, I get more scared of the big monster than anything I've ever seen. Just me?
Finally, a channel with brave people. Need part 2 ASAP!
Finally, a channel that hunts ghosts. WTF was the huge guy, though?
Oh man, you don't even know how fast I would run if I saw that.
Is it just me that gets more scared of the huge monster than everything else?
The fact that I would probably die if I met a monster like that...
Believe me or not, these people are actually the BRAVEST SPOOKTUBERS I HAVE EVER WATCHED!
I SCREAMED when the monster with the creepy hands showed up.
WTF is up with its face? It’s like nothing I’ve seen before.
Who else lost it at the big monster? I was not prepared.
Subscribed. I need to see what happens next!
Great video! They just get better and better. Big monster was scary!
BIG monster! Loved it as always x thanks pals
Great monster hunt as usual! Terrifying but I can't look away.
The intensity when the monster appeared was off the charts!
Never seen anything like this before. You guys really push the limit!
How do you not freak out on the spot? I'd be out of there in seconds.
The atmosphere when the monster appeared was perfectly creepy.
Your courage is unmatched. Facing down that monster was epic!
This video is a rollercoaster of emotions, mostly fear.
Can't wait to see what monster you encounter next. Stay safe!
This is why I love your channel. You bring the scares like no one else.
The tension before the monster reveal was masterfully done. Bravo!
That monster gave me nightmares, but I can't wait to watch more.
Every video is an adventure into the unknown. Thanks for taking us along.
Your encounters are getting wilder. Not sure my nerves can take it!
That moment with the monster was pure horror movie material.
You guys have the guts of steel. How do you stay so calm?
The editing when the monster showed up made it even more intense!
You're doing a public service by showing us these creatures exist... I think.
The lore behind these monsters must be fascinating. More info, please!
Each video is like a mini horror movie. So well produced!