That monster is HUGEE. Like, beyond any scale I imagined.
That monster is so scary, I couldn't watch this alone.
I wonder if that big guy is just lonely... Maybe he needs a friend?
He's so big... How do you even begin to approach something like that?
I wonder if he's still there??? Or if he roams around freely.
You invaded his HOME! He was probably just as scared as you were.
It's disgusting... but also kind of fascinating in a weird way.
Leave him alone! He’s probably not bothering anyone out there.
I love how terrifying that monster looks, yet I can't stop watching.
Greetings from the sky island next to yours. Nice monster encounter!
Awesome work and scary monsters! You're so authentic and real.
You have the most real footage... It's far superior to many others...
This was an AMAZING investigation!!! The details were incredible.
Pals, every time I see a new video of yours, I'm like YESSSS....!! :)
Incredible! I watch a lot of paranormal monster channels, but you are special.
Totally agree with the other comments, fantastic monster channel.
Your way of dealing with big monsters is excellent...!!! Admirably brave.
WOW, What a BIG monster! Please be careful out there!
Thank you SO much for recording this!! Too scary for me to go there!
Omg, I never had that many chills watching other spooktube videos!
Holy cow. Why do you do these FOR REAL?! That thing was huge!
I thought it looked at you!! It looked very dangerous. Stay safe!
Your content is a goldmine for creature feature fans. More, please!
The suspense before the monster showed up was perfectly executed. Bravo!
How do you stay so calm? I'd have been out of there in a heartbeat.
The size comparison when you got closer was jaw-dropping. It's massive!
Is it aggressive, or just misunderstood? Curious to know more about it.
Every video you post is like a new adventure into the unknown. Thrilling!
Your bravery is unmatched. I would never dare to get that close.
That encounter was straight out of a horror movie. Phenomenal capture!
Are you planning a follow-up visit? There’s so much we still don’t know!
I keep coming back to see if there's more footage. It's hauntingly beautiful.
The way it moved... so eerie yet captivating. Can't wait to see more!
Your investigative skills are top-notch. You uncover the most incredible stories.
This has to be one of the most chilling encounters on your channel yet.
The atmosphere of the whole video was so eerie, but I couldn’t look away.
Such a rare sighting! This is why your channel is a must-watch for me.
I've got so many questions about that creature. Looking forward to your next discovery!




