
As an extremely anxious person, I don't think I would like to meet that thing.
Why does it move like that?? Its movements are unnervingly unpredictable.
Please make this a series! That thing with the bombs was very scary but so intriguing.
A spooktuber is never truly a real spooktuber until they've seen a monster with bombs on it.
Kind of messed up that it throws explosive bombs. Stay safe!
I don't believe in bomb monsters, but I do right now. This is wild.
It sounded like you barked, but it was just an explosion. Scared me to death!
I have actually lived next to a bomb factory my whole life, it's always given me shivers. I have a lot of respect for you!
What an emotional rollercoaster. It started throwing bombs out of nowhere!
This is probably my fav video of yours ever. PLEASE do more. Especially love that you saw that bomb monster. Rad video.
What the hell. Bombs are really dangerous. This video genuinely gave me chills so hard I had to sit down.
I’ve never seen a monster hunting video with actual evidence. This is great, love your videos. Boom!
How the hell do they dare get so close to that thing. Did they not see the bombs??
We need this as a series omg best video you’ve ever made. Bomb guy was my favorite.
This video is amazing. Def my favorite from you now. I hope it gets more views!!
Weirdo things = amazing bomb guy! More of this, please.
Honestly, just the bomb monster being kind of annoyed at you was the most convincing part. Realistically.
The thing that scared me the most was the fact that there were multiple bombs on a single monster.
Bombs!
Bombs?
If you don't make this a series, I will genuinely explode. jk, but seriously, please do.
Please show the explosive monster again. I liked seeing it, despite the fright.
For sure need more of this bomb monster <3 Can't get enough!
First spooktube video that made me laugh so much. It's terrifying and hilarious!
Pal, PLEASE do more stuff like this. I’ll give you a high five. This video was bomb...
The suspense when that monster appeared... I wasn't ready for those bombs!
That bomb monster could be a movie villain. So unique and terrifying!
Watching with bated breath every time you encounter that bomb thrower. Be careful!
Your bravery facing that explosive beast is beyond words. Hats off to you!
This episode was like watching an action movie. So intense and thrilling!
Can we talk about the strategy involved in avoiding those bombs? Pure skill.
Never thought I'd be on the edge of my seat watching a bomb monster. You've outdone yourself!
This creature is like something out of a fantasy novel. So bizarre yet captivating.
Your exploration of these monsters opens up a whole new world. Fascinated to see what's next.
The bomb monster has me rethinking my stance on the supernatural. Incredible footage!
Every time I think I've seen it all, you surprise us with something like the bomb monster. Amazing.
This has got to be one of the most unique monsters ever documented. Can't wait for more adventures!
The bomb aspect adds a whole new level of danger. Your courage is unmatched.