It has such a big ear! Like, how does it even hear with all that?
It has so many ears! Nature's own surround sound system.
HAHA, it doesn't like sounds! Irony at its finest.
It's soooo weird-looking hahaha. Never seen anything like it before.
I've watched that video so many times, and it still gives me chills. Those ears are haunting.
Great video. Just one thing, that ear creature... it's going to haunt my dreams.
Gotta have some respect for the camera men/women, literally standing in the most open places to capture that thing.
YOOOO I HAD TO TURN MY QUALITY ALL THE WAY DOWN TO SEE, BUT THERE'S AT LEAST 4 BIG EARS ON THAT THING.
This is one of the only paranormal things I've watched that had me hiding in my covers. So many ears.
Here comes a thing with many ears on it everywhere. Can it hear us talking about it now?
Ear dog? More like ear monster. What even is that thing?
I wish I had that many ears, could eavesdrop on so many conversations.
You know it hears really well. Probably hears this comment.
I have seen this one in another video! I think it gets scared if you shout at it. Sensitive, much?
Big ear... MAYBE IT'S SENSITIVE TO SOUND? Seems like a logical conclusion.
Imagine the size of the headphones it would need. Custom order, for sure.
So, if it doesn't like sounds, does it live in complete silence? That's kind of sad.
I'm both fascinated and terrified. How does something evolve to have so many ears?
Does it hear thoughts too? Because with that many ears, I wouldn't be surprised.
The ultimate eavesdropping creature. The CIA needs to recruit it.
It's so strange but I can't stop watching. There's something mesmerizing about its many ears.
How does it sleep with all those ears? Can it ever really be quiet for it?
With that many ears, it must hate loud places. Parties are a no-go.
Its hearing must be off the charts. Can probably hear a pin drop miles away.
The more I think about it, the more I wonder about its world. Everything must be so loud.
If shouting scares it, maybe it's just misunderstood. Poor thing, overwhelmed by its own senses.
Just when I thought I'd seen every kind of monster, this ear creature comes along and completely redefines the game. So bizarre yet incredibly intriguing!
Watching that thing move is like observing a walking sound studio. Wonder if it gets all the channels clear with those ears.
Every time it twitched an ear, I swear it was like it was tuning into a different radio station. Fascinating creature design!
I paused the video and counted the ears like three times. Each time I found more. It's like an optical illusion but with ears!
My dog freaked out seeing the ear creature on screen. Probably wonders if it's the ultimate squeaky toy.
That ear creature must never miss a beat in conversations. Imagine the gossip it could collect!
The design is so out there, yet somehow it makes sense? Like, in a weird evolutionary way, I get why it would have all those ears.
I’ve started whispering around my phone, just in case the ear creature is listening in. Can’t be too careful!
Does it wear all the earrings in the world? Because honestly, it should. Fashion icon in the making.
Tried to imagine what its world sounds like to it. Probably overwhelming but imagine the symphonies it hears every day.