Wow! Did he disappear!? That was like movie magic but real life!
OMG! Did he just teleport?? I had to rewind to make sure my eyes weren't deceiving me.
DID you see it flicker?? It's like it was there one second and gone the next!
Surely the flickering thing was not real! How is that even possible?
Crazy strong nerves, friends. I would've been out of there in a heartbeat.
WHAT WAS THAT! You deserve billions of subscribers for capturing something like that.
Nr 1 spooktuber! Never seen a monster like this one. Totally unique.
Favorite part was def the invisible monster. How do you even film that!?
I am impressed. Easily the best video I have seen on YouTube in a long while.
I would cry if I saw that. No joke, tears and probably a bit of screaming.
That was brilliant, super scary. I don't know how you do it honestly, but please don't stop.
Amazing amazing amazing amazing amazing. Did I mention amazing? Because wow.
Can someone please comment and tell me the name of the flickering creature? I need to know more!
Keep it up! Great content actually. Loved the flickering one, so mysterious.
New subscriber here and just want to say that you deserve so many more subscribers.
Spooky guy!! Love your style of video! The flickering creature was a nice touch.
It is incredible what you are able to capture! Even invisible things!
Excellent footage.... :) This is the content I live for.
That was exciting! Nice monster! Be well and stay safe, especially from flickering creatures.
Flickering creature! Brilliant video again! How do you keep finding these things?
Just found your channel just like that monster just found you, well okay!
Smashed my notifications too hard. Can't miss a single video from now on.
Love your videos....always waiting on your new posting.... The suspense is real.
You are the best, can't believe that thing was real! How do you even sleep at night?
WHERE DID IT GO!? One second it's there, and then poof! Unbelievable.
Please tell me that one was not real! My heart can't take this level of spookiness.
Your courage is unmatched. Facing down the unknown for our entertainment. Salute!
This flickering phenomenon is something else. Is there more footage?
Literally got chills when it disappeared. How is that even a thing? Need more info!
The editing on this is too good. Wait, that wasn't edited??
Absolutely mind-boggling how you managed to capture that on camera.
Each video you post raises the bar. This flickering creature just set a new high.
I'm both terrified and completely fascinated. The mysteries of the world are endless.