That's just a person in a white sheet. Classic but still got me a little!
That figure in the white sheet needs to audition for the next horror blockbuster. Oscar-worthy performance!
KNIFE! Seriously, though, stay safe out there, explorers! Things are getting spooky.
Ghost or not, that figure in the white sheet is the stuff of nightmares! Or comedy, depending on the angle.
Do you think it's a local legend or just a creepy coincidence? Either way, Knife.
Knife guy!! Made my night, honestly.
Stab ghost is by far my favorite! So eerie yet so creative.
Can't you just talk to it? It looks like a person in there! Maybe it's friendly?
Nope, nope, nope! That figure in the white sheet is haunting my dreams tonight. But also, can’t stop laughing.
How do you stay so calm in these situations?! I'd be running the other way.
Forget haunted, that person in the white sheet needs to join a comedy club! Had me in stitches.
It's like they're trying to be spooky but ended up being unintentionally hilarious. Love it!
Anyway, thanks for reading my comment. I am just here for the knife ghost. Best character.
Extremely unsettling that someone would have that as their job. Entertainment industry is wild.
These videos are so awesome. Does anyone know what's up with the sheet ghost? Backstory needed.
Holy sheet! Knife try! HAHAHA. Best pun of the day.
I’d be scared out of my pants if I was there! Props to you for the courage.
Don’t let IT stab you!!! But seriously, what a scene. Cinematic gold.
They probably regretted going down there when they saw the knife thing. I would!
I can’t believe you aren't more scared of the knife ghost! KNIFE GHOST for the win.
Nice try, guy in a sheet... We see you, but still appreciate the effort.
Did you hire a person to run around in a sheet? WE KNOW IT'S NOT A REAL GHOST, but still fun.
Ghost with a knife is different. Subscribed for more of this unique content.
I bet it's not a real knife. Still pretty scary, though. The atmosphere is everything.
I LOVE THIS CHANNEL! Really, really nice footage. The knife ghost was a highlight.
That thing is not even scary. This is funnier than a try not to laugh challenge.
Nice cinematography, loved the knife ghost scene. Very well done!
Knife ghost............... really SCARY! Or not. But definitely entertaining!
Literally so brave to go down there! I liked the fake ghost. Adds charm to the adventure.
Admit it, you all love the knife ghost too. It's the comic relief we didn’t know we needed.
The suspense is real, but so are the laughs. Thanks for making spooky fun again.
Sheet ghost with a knife? It's like Halloween came early this year. Absolutely a fan favorite.
Who needs traditional ghosts when you have knife ghosts? Innovation at its spookiest.