Freaky freaky monster! Never seen anything like it before!
BIG HANDS! How does it even walk around with those?
I want to never be close to that thing. It looks really grabby... Stay away!
Looks scary, but I low key think I could take it. Just need a good strategy.
What is that!? Snake man? Never knew such a creature could exist.
Alien-looking monster! Like the video! This is straight out of a sci-fi movie.
Let's be real, we all love it when you show weird creatures. So fascinating.
I feel so bad for them!! Are they lost or just misunderstood?
Why does it have such large hands?! Nature is wild.
Love it! It has so many eyes omg. How does it even blink?
Chills all around my spine when the larva looking thing came out. Creepy!
Please tell me those are not real. Or at least that they stay down there and not come up here.
The fact that they get so close to the monsters is wild. How do you not run away screaming?
Show more of the centipede, please! It’s oddly mesmerizing.
This creature gives me the heebie-jeebies, but I can’t stop watching. More, please!
Its appearance is the stuff of nightmares, but there's something oddly beautiful about it.
How do you even find these creatures? Are they hiding in plain sight or something?
That monster's design is so intricate. Nature or something else?
I’m torn between being horrified and wanting a plush toy of it. Is that weird?
Each video you post is like opening a Pandora’s box of monsters. So cool!
I wonder if it’s friendly? With those big hands, it could give amazing hugs... or not.
The creativity of nature (or whatever this is) never ceases to amaze me.
That alien-looking monster has me looking at the stars differently now. They're among us!
I can't believe what I'm seeing. This channel is a treasure trove of the unknown.
Watching these creatures makes me realize how little we know about our own planet.
Your bravery for getting up close with these monsters is commendable. I'd be frozen in fear.
The diversity of monsters you uncover is unbelievable. Each one is more bizarre than the last.
Nature's imagination is way beyond any horror movie. These creatures prove it.
The large hands... Imagine the high-fives! But seriously, stay safe out there.