That thing has a really big mouth!! Wonder what it eats with that.
HAHAHA! WHAT WAS THAT? Never laughed so hard at a monster before!
Kinda think that thing is cute. In a very odd, monstrous way.
LITTLE GUY with a big presence. Absolutely stole the show for me.
Please make a part two! I loved the little thing with the nice smile. More adventures, please!
What was the little thing with the mouth? Looked like it came straight out of a cartoon.
Best content creators I have ever watched. Lil guy with the mouth made the video good.
You know it’s real when it has such a big mouth. Can't fake that level of bizarre.
That thing definitely does not look normal, but then again, what on your channel does?
We have those where I live. Actually pretty common. Just don’t let it sneak up on you.
First time seeing something like this. It's oddly mesmerizing.
Hahahahaha weird little guy. Makes me wonder what else is hiding out there.
I wonder what it even needs such a big mouth for. The mysteries of nature!
Love your content, let me know when the next video comes out, please! Mouth guy = nice.
I wanna know more about the little monster! Does it have a name? A backstory?
Is it bad that I don't like the little thing with the mouth? It's kind of unnerving.
Lol, that thing is not very scary, but it's definitely something I've never seen before.
The expressions on the little guy are priceless. Can it even close its mouth?
Seriously, how do you find these creatures? The little mouth guy is just so out there.
I showed my friend, and we can’t stop talking about the mouth creature. It’s bizarrely endearing.
A part of me wants to meet it, another part of me is like 'stay away from the mouth thing.'
That little creature with the big mouth has got to have some interesting dietary habits.
In a strange way, the mouth guy was kind of the highlight of the video for me.
Can we get merchandise of the little mouth monster? Asking for a friend.
It’s so weird yet I can’t look away. The mouth creature is strangely captivating.
Honestly, the big mouth thing was both the weirdest and best part of the video.