That weird roof monster was so scary. Never seen anything like it!
Don't touch the roof monster! It looks like it could spring into action at any moment.
I had a dream that one time I met a roof creature. Do not recommend it. Too spooky.
The part with the roof creature with the string! Terrifying! How do you come up with this?
I skipped the part with the star monster, not for me. The roof monster was enough excitement.
I subscribed after watching this video! The monster in the roof was great! More of this, please.
Got kinda scared seeing the thing in the ceiling! How do you stay so calm?
Oh my god! Cool and scary! Roof monster is something I never knew I'd be into.
It's so dark down there. Thanks for recording the roof star! Illuminated the whole scene.
This might sound unhinged, but this is my current comfort video. So mesmerizing.
Chills all around... Loooooove this video! The atmosphere is just perfect.
I absolutely love this. One can truly see the production and effort that went into this, and it is unmatched.
WATCH OUT! That thing eats PEOPLE. At least, it looks like it could.
This is the BEST video you’ve ever made (if you ask me). Did anyone else see the roof monster?
How is it upside down?? The physics of the roof monster just blow my mind.
That creature's design is insanely good. Feels like it could be a real myth.
Honestly, the roof monster could be a movie villain. So creepy yet captivating.
The detail on the roof creature was incredible. Felt like it could jump off the screen!
Every time you post a new video, I think 'it can't get better than this.' And then it does.
The scene with the roof monster was so well shot. Felt like I was there... and terrified.
I'm going to have nightmares about that roof monster, but also, can't wait for more.
The suspense build-up to revealing the roof monster was phenomenal. Had me on the edge of my seat.
The creativity behind these monsters is incredible. The roof monster is a new favorite.
Can we talk about the sound design when the roof creature appeared? So chilling.
Your encounters with these creatures are unreal. How close were you to the roof monster?
A part of me wishes I could encounter the roof creature. Another part is glad it's just a video.






