That weird monster was so scary, I couldn't sleep last night!
Long arms and legs, also very fast! Nature’s athlete, or nightmare fuel?
So happy to see one of those! I think it's quite dangerous, though. Thrilling!
This came at the perfect time. Loved the monsters. Just what I needed for Halloween vibes.
Did that thing just disappear!!? Vanished right before my eyes!
Spookiest creature I have ever seen. WHERE DID IT GO? Left me wanting more.
Don't let it get you!! Those long limbs looked like they could grab anything.
I think it went away when they shone a light on it. Does it fear the light?
Please like this comment if you also liked the creepy crawly creature from the video.
Is it just me, or like, was this kind of a good video? No, it was AMAZING!
Imagine being alone in the dark and seeing stuff like this!! No, thank you.
This will always be the best content on spooktube! Unmatched.
Top tier content! Shadow monster makes my skin crawl, in a good way.
Please be respectful around the long monster. Don't disturb it. It deserves peace.
Never stop the videos! Literally, my favorite content creators!
Loved seeing the shadow monster! It’s like catching a glimpse of a legend.
My favorite footage of anything ever. Can't get enough of these creatures.
Greatttttt! Each video is a rollercoaster of emotions.
It crawls on all fours! Really scary if you ask me. Almost too real.
Can we talk about the quick monster on the ground? It’s like it defied physics!
Please explain what that was! I need details, theories, anything!
Loved this video greetings from a viewer! Really scary monsters in this vid.
Hahaha WHAT was that!? Comedy gold mixed with genuine terror.
Really cool to see some new monsters. I couldn't really tell what it was, but I liked it.
I know this one! It goes away if you shine a light on it. Light is its kryptonite.
Don't get snatched! It doesn’t like flashlights! Pro tip for monster hunters.
Someone said that thing is afraid of lights. Makes it even more mysterious.
That rapid movement was something else. How does it move so fast?
Every time I think I’ve seen all the monsters, you surprise me with something new.
The way it vanished... was it magic, an illusion, or something else? So curious!
Heart was racing the entire time. The anticipation of where it would appear next was intense.
Do you think it’s territorial, or just curious about the humans filming it?
Absolutely love the adrenaline rush your videos give me. Especially with creatures like this!