I am afraid of spiders, and this video did NOT help. Thanks, I hate it (but also love it?)
It shoots webs! Like a real-life superhero villain. Absolutely terrifying.
Of course, they would run into a spider! It's like every nightmare I've ever had.
I bet I really don't want to meet a spider like that. Nope, no thank you.
LESS SPIDER, PLEASE. My heart can’t take this kind of stress.
Easily the most scary video all day! What the spider... how is it even real?
Just wanna mention that there is no need for a spider that big. Nature, please take note.
Exactly what I wanted to see today! Spider monster is really scary! But also, kinda cool?
This right here is professionals, facing a big spider like this with no fear. Heroes.
Bet it has a poisonous bite. Wouldn’t want to find out firsthand, though.
I don't like how that spider moves at all! It’s like it knows it’s being watched.
SPIDER! That’s it. That’s the comment. Just... SPIDER.
I really like how you balance your humor with spooky things like the big spider.
I could watch that spider forever. Creeps me the hell out though. It’s a weird fascination.
Are you gonna do a collab with any other creators? Maybe a spider expert?
Literally never seen a bug animal this large before. It’s groundbreaking (and skin-crawling).
Wait a second... That's really large for a spider. Is it even a spider at that size?
When you enter a having many eyes competition, and your opponent is that spider...
Honestly, love these videos, wish you made more! The blend of horror and intrigue is perfect.
That spider’s web-slinging action was straight out of a movie. Can it sign autographs?
The size of it! How does something like that even exist outside of horror films?
Every time I think I’m over my fear of spiders, you bring out something like this.
Could you imagine what it eats? Other than my nightmares, I mean.
The detailing on the spider was incredible. Almost too good. Felt like it could crawl out of the screen.
I’m both fascinated and horrified. Nature really went overboard with this one.
Do you think spiders like that are just misunderstood? Or are they as terrifying as they seem?
Never thought I’d say this but, that spider was kind of majestic. In a scary, creepy way.
How do you even prepare to face something like that? I’d need a full armor suit.
Props to the crew for not screaming the entire time. I wouldn’t have been so brave.